# Hypothesis
The application of the IL@UiO-66-NH2 GPE solvent electrolyte in conjunction with the UiO-66-NH2 MOF tested in comparison to the Mg-MOF-74 MOF will yield a result of differing ion stability/conductivity, framework flexibility, chemical stability, and capabilities. UiO-66, has been extensively studied due to its high porosity and excellent structural stability at high temperatures and pressures, and excellent stability in chemical (acidic/basic) aggressive environments. The framework of the UiO-66 is built on the [Zr6O4(OH)4] SBUs, each coordinated with 12,1,4-benzene-dicarboxylate (H2BDC) linkers. UiO-66-NH2 has a decomposition onset of close to 450 degrees celsius due to the immensely strong ZrO bonds formed at the nodes. The MOF remains stable submerged in hydrochloric acid (100 mH solution has a pH of around 1.08) as well as basic solutions such as acetic acid (CH3COOH) demonstrating a high theoretical synergy with the IL@UiO-66-NH2 GPE electrolyte. Enhanced dipole-quadrupole interactions with CO2, UiO-66-NH2 has a high CO2 uptake of around 3.2 mmol/g at room temperature with a selectivity of around 202. High CO2 uptake of around gives UiO-66-NH2 the ability to select CO2 over N2 and CH4. The only fault of UiO-66-NH2 is its low ion conductivity of around 10^-7S/cm. Mg-MOF-74 is made with differing acids and a magnesium salt source, granting it a high density of open metal sites and unlike UiO-66, is amenable to be able to better interact with CO2 and has the capability for optimal ion conductivity. Although Mg-MOF-74’s abundance of open metal sites hinder its structural stability making it at risk of degrading over time, the open metal sites are extremely useful for the purpose of capturing CO2. The Mg-MOF-74 will exhibit higher catalytic activity and lower overpotential compared to UiO-66 due to its high concentration of open metal sites. Long-term stability wise the pore sizes of the Mg-MOF-74 hinder its capabilities as opposed to UiO-66. We hypothesize that Mg-MOF-74's ability to facilitate rapid Na+ ion transport (ionic conductivity) is the most crucial unknown, as this is essential for minimizing overpotential and maximizing power output. We predict its stability in the presence of the battery's solvent and its resistance to solid product clogging, allow it to achieve a higher theoretical efficiency and longer cycle life as the ideal cathode material for the Na-CO₂ battery, UiO-66-NH2 will most likely exhibit higher CO2 adsorption and discrimination that Mg-MOF-74, although Mg-MOF-74 will have better ion conductivity and transport capabilities as UiO-66-NH2 lacks open metal sites which can enable higher ion coordination.
